--->
Hello, I'm Muttrose, a current member of SAMRA (San Antonio Model Railroad Association) train club. I am a old timer retired military vietnam vet at the current age of 78 as with a lot of us in this group, are at this club. I have over 55 yrs experience in all facits of electronics including computers (to much history to tell). We are currently using JMRI 4.22 for our programming system as well as operations. We have discovered a couple of problems in this system but we have not been able to track them down. Is it decoder dependant or system error? 1st problem, if we change the address in a engine decoder from (manufacture setting, example 3) to something else and during testing (having errors) we switch back to address 3, it shows up in all 3 address blocks then locks up the decoder address settings. 2nd Problem, if we use a address greater than 255 (3 digits) but less than 4 digits (1000) the operating system refuses to except it on the main track or even the programing track. If we add a zero or any number to the end of the address (example 301 change to 3010) everything works fine. We have tried to use other address setting below 255 (HEX FF) and there seems to be a problem with those address too. I am about to delete the version of JMRI 4.22 and install ver. 4.24 in the clubs programming system.  By the way, we use Windows 7 - 64 bit, SPROG 3 ver. 4.3 for all programing decoders as well as I do at home with the same.  I am not the DCC System Manager for the club, that would be Ron Negal, I'm only a assistant. I will have to ask him for all the manufactured equipment used to operate the entire layout, like remote controls, power systems, receiver and transmitters and control hub then get back with you. One more thing, our club (disarray) WEB site is www.SAMRATX.org..
